[Music]
hello welcome back to another video I
hope you're doing really well and you're
safe and healthy at the moment in
today's video we are decluttering my
entire life I've been stowing and
walking past this cupboard for the past
however long I've been in isolation for
and it's honestly been screaming at my
nameless ways jam-packed and I don't
even know what's in there if I'm quite
honest so that's what I'm gonna start
first but basically I just want to
declutter my entire house and
environment where we are currently house
bound to and I think a lot of weathering
like the same boat and I think it's
really important just to start with in
your house where you spend all your time
just to make it a lot clearer in your
mind as well I always think clean house
clean environment clear and mine not
only we're doing the whole house but I'm
gonna do my phone my laptop honestly
never thought I would be a hoarder until
and I just can't seem to let go so today
that's it after fired it back is it
today's a day raring to go it's actually
taking me a few days to like build up to
this I mean I'm gonna jump straight on
into it but before we do that I would
really appreciate it if you could like
the video hit subscribe if you haven't
already it really supports my channel
and it's so appreciated so the deep push
that I hope it I've just put on some
black activewear and I'm just gonna get
straight into it
my favorite place at the minute which is
old-school R&B
this is what I'm talking about like I
don't you couldn't tell you what's in
here but it's just like it goes back as
well I'll plead that judgment wait we've
got a light but there's just just so
much crap in ABS crate that's never
basically been used that needs to go
what even knows that and it hurts my
eyes and even though it's tucked away
it's just grinding my gears so this is
what we're tackling first you know
something's getting sues when my hair
goes up so I'm starting with the hardest
thing which was this cupboard which I
felt like was gonna take me ages it
wasn't actually too bad and a lot of it
was just like Mason's like sports
equipment and stuff but I did find some
stuff like what on earth is that I had
food storage just had absolutely no clue
what it was and the odd rugby ball so I
just got it all out the covert I was
actually scared things out see what's
actually there what can be thrown away
there are some Christmas decorations but
for the top there and I've got like a
Christmas tree and I just cut down all
the boxes and I put away there were some
cans in there
a little help there Penelope another
weight started is that covered alter and
that actual meant to you but I just got
so much more space down there now it's
Anna's cone it was just already so this
is what we're tackling next like we
actually can need everything in here but
it doesn't need to be in such a tip like
this but we just throw stuff in this
work so I was listening to a podcast
last week and it mentioned that a lot of
studies have identified like a direct
link between stress hormone castle and
clutter so that was a massive
inspiration and really sort of spurred
me on I was like right I'm getting down
to it now I'm not going to push you but
if that girl just separated into more
sections but just one coverage
downstairs that I've got some glycerin
to help which is great does that take
ages / if he's just eating anything that
drops on the floor like a coal cupboard
got all our books and stuff up she's
been bugging me for ages actually
thinking around what storage you have
the more you just fill it with crap like
without showing you - being in this
house for about for just over a year now
and I honestly can't believe accumulated
like we will do being here for half the
year so in summary we just got all this
like tap like this emblem in pillowcases
in this cupboard and I just no idea
hey maybe hardly for me Oh
[Music]
all right that looks so much better and
the coverage is organized that is just
like fire stir it with moved on to my
little dressing room area so I'm just
gonna get rid of some clothes here so
that's downstairs pretty much done like
a weight off my shoulders I don't
particularly enjoy this but afterwards
it's so worth it so
[Music]
get a massive pile and I had some of
this stuff apparently like absolutely
years and it's making me emotional going
through org so it's just bringing back
so many memories some good some bad and
I'm thankful to bring you through some
of this stuff you get attachments don't
you like certain clothes and stuff that
you've worn that remind you of sets
don't feel like I could probably get rid
of some more but I've managed to clear
this huge pile and I'm going to send
this all to charity I'm going to find
one that I like for not gonna rush into
that just yet this was without a doubt
the most energizing task that I did out
of all of them it just felt like a
massive relief moving on to my drawers
and it's mainly my makeup drawer that
just need to tie up it's not too bad
look that's like just covered in like
makeup marks so I'm gonna clean all that
and I just have a little reorganize
really grip I think some of these empty
and then for this I've just filled and a
glass bowl that was some of the flora
and hot water and I'm just gonna use one
of these and just wipe over and clean
everything the only reason I'm even a
glue is because I've got really dry skin
oh my god this was so much more
satisfying than I expected because it
came off really easy like all the makeup
marks I'm guessing it's just from sort
of thrown in every single day but I
always do get quite confused at how
dirty it gets because I've not had that
little makeup drawer that long so I was
pretty shocked but and yeah all tidied
up really nicely especially this
eyeshadow palette
[Music]
and then I'm just wiping down all like
my hair stuff and like makeup sharpener
so I keep in this box again I think it's
so important to keep anything that you
use on a daily like nice and tidy it can
be such a trigger concert like you can
just feel like everything is a mess and
that's just hair everywhere
so that is exactly what I am doing it's
all clean I mention a pop all these
backing oh my god got so much more space
in here that just feels like one big
relief because I use a straw obviously
every day so that is so much more
organized I could probably get some more
of those little stories right now to
organize this underwear and like
Bradshaw
this just always end up in Amer
[Music]
so that didn't take two minutes to sort
out really don't all the socks got rid
of the stray so it's satisfying but and
just make do you like these boxes of
storage and stuff I didn't explain that
everyone basically and popping out all
my hats and just anything that doesn't
fit either in my wardrobe or in my
drawers into these little boxes don't
know what happened in the earlier and
then going around with the vacuum we are
done
look at this clear rail that is all
organized and that is all the wardrobe
all organized my drawers pretty happy
with that
[Music]
then I'm just finishing off downstairs
just making sure everything's clean and
going right around with the vacuum I
cannot believe I'm doing this
I even have emptied the entire vacuum
out which is my worst task to do
[Music]
wow that is like a literal way has just
been lifted off my shoulders that is the
best feeling you know you just get
everything done like I even empty that
the vacuum like I went in everywhere
like that I've tidied I use every day so
I know it's gonna make a difference and
they've just been getting on my nerves
and I just think you know closer like
that just builds up and built onto the
digital the clutter macbook my phone is
my laptop actually doesn't have like a
massive amount of storage which is
actually a bit of a blessing in disguise
tried hard drives in the past and I've
just ended up losing all my pictures and
videos so I don't really trust those
don't need to keep like that many videos
and stuff from over these especially
using YouTube because I'll just put all
my stuff on there so it's like on
YouTube like especially MacBooks the end
up just crashing all the time so it's
quite handy having a MacBook that it's
not got like crazy amount of storage or
maybe that's just my way of thinking
[Music]
okay now this is the most satisfying
sound
[Music]
but that took me so so long now on to my
phone I'm just gonna start with getting
rid of my apps I don't you know is that
we download now for my photos I'm gonna
be here a few hours oh my god the
digital detox is actually harder than
your house seriously it's like if you
don't know let go stuff but yeah that
was a really different kind of video let
me know what your thoughts were like if
you try any of these tips or if you have
a massive declutter let me know how you
get on in the comments down below and
also let me know also if there's any
videos you would like to see in the next
few ones and just pop them down below
thank you so much for watching I hope
you enjoyed it and our see you guys in
the next video